{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14840\viewh7180\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \'97\'97\'97 Description \'97\'97\'97 \
	My Android app will utilize fragments to create a short questionnaire that is answered by two different people (by passing the phone). After a percentage will appear on a new activity, revealing how close the answers were. I plan on storing the list of questions and answers in a .json file or on local storage (in the strings.xml file). I could \'91game-ify\'92 the application by allowing a user only 3 surveys per twenty four hours. Implementing a restriction like this would be an interesting way to understand how other app\'92s like Tinder implemented this feature.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \'97\'97\'97 Program / Navigation Flow \'97\'97\'97 \
	Initially, each question will have four answers with each being it\'92s own fragment (including the question itself). I will have to decide during the coding process whether I want to start a new activity or refresh all of the fragments once a the first person has finished their set of questions. After the second person finishes their questions, a new activity will show a percentage. I would also like to include which questions each person matched on, by having the questions themselves centered below the percentage. \
\
\'97\'97\'97 Visual template or example \'97\'97\'97 \
	Essentially, I want my app to look similar to this one that a fellow buff made: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/qualify-college-dating/id967428833?mt=8"}}{\fldrslt https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/qualify-college-dating/id967428833?mt=8}}. This app is a really cool idea that would be fun to implement in my own way. \
\
\'97\'97\'97 Testing \'97\'97\'97 \
	I test my app on different users and try to improve the UI based on their feedback. Since this\
}